Allow SIPNET to take command line arguments (#3861)
PecanProject/pecan: book_source/03_topical_pages/03_pecan_xml.Rmd

- `id` -- The unique numeric ID of the model in the PEcAn database `models` table. If this is present, then `type` and `binary` are optional since they can be determined from the PEcAn database.
- `type` -- The model "type", matching the PEcAn database `modeltypes` table `name` column. This also refers to which PEcAn model-specific package will be used. In PEcAn, a "model" refers to a specific version (e.g. release, git commit) of a specific model, and "model type" is used to link different releases of the same model. Model "types" also have specific PFT definitions and other requirements associated with them (e.g. the ED2 model "type" requires a global land cover database).
- `binary` -- The file path to the model executable. If omitted, PEcAn will use whatever path is registered in the PEcAn database for the current machine.

> - `revision` -- A unique identifier for the model version of `binary`. Format is model-specific, but many models expect a numeric version (eg "2.12.3") and rely on numeric comparisons to match PEcAn configuration behavior to model capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `revision` -- A unique identifier for the model version of `binary`. Format is model-specific, but many models expect a semantic version (eg "2.12.3") and rely on numeric comparisons to match PEcAn configuration behavior to model capabilities.
```

> - `revision` -- A unique identifier for the model version of `binary`. Format is model-specific, but many models expect a semantic version (eg "2.12.3") and rely on numeric comparisons to match PEcAn configuration behavior to model capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `revision` -- A unique identifier for the model version of `binary`. Format is model-specific, but many models expect a semantic version (eg "2.12.3") and rely on version comparisons (e.g. `revision >= "2.0"`) to match PEcAn configuration behavior to model capabilities.
```
